Change Log for SunJeong's TAWOBA Remastered:
This is a list of all changes compared to every other version of TAWOBA out there. I spent so much time on this mod to make it as perfect as possible.

NEW FEATURES:

1. Added support for non-physics bodies (removes XP32 requirement for this one)

2. Added support for CBBE 3BAv2

3. Added support for CBBE SMP

4. CBBE normal physics version was updated with the most current CBBE body as of April 2020.

5. Removed ALL old HDT Heels offset. Added new heels offsets for RaceMenu

6. Merged bikinis from Bikini Ascend (Orcish and Elven) and Halofarm's Nordic Carved Bikinis

7. Manually hand edited every single breast slider for every single bikini top for higher quality slider morphs. No more nasty bending.

8. Grouped SliderSet files and ShapeData folders respective of their sets (helps save some space)

9. Moved locations of crafting books to avoid conflicts with mods like JK's Skyrim and Open Cities. External patches are no longer needed. New map of book locations made.

10. Added additional 3 crafting books for the Elven, Orcish, and Nordic Carved sets.

11. Cleaned ESP with numerous useless ARMA, WRLD, CELL, FORMID, and STATIC records. Seriously there were a lot of useless and dirty edits Nisetanaka left over.

12. Added SMP cloth physics to the following armors for 3BAv2:
      a. Wolf Companion Loin Cloth
      b. Steel Tasset 2A
      c. Steel Tasset 2B
      d. Elven Tasset 4
      e. Iron Tasset 1
      f. Ebony Skirt

13. Added optional custom high resolution crafting books illustrated by BadHombreReyes and PolarStar

14. Added optional support for Heels Sound on applicable boots.

BUG FIXES:

15. Fixed missing cube maps for the Ebony set

16. Fixed missing cubemaps for the Dwemer set

17. Fixed missing cubemaps for the Elven set

18. Fixed missing cubemaps for the Iron set

19. Fixed missing cubemaps for the Steel set

20. Added cubemaps for the Orchish set

21. Fixed messed up skinning for Elven Gorget 2 and Elven Bikini Bottom 3

22. Fixed messed up skinning for Nordplate Shoulder 4L, 4R, 5L, and 5R

23. Fixed wrong partitions for Nordplate Tasset 1C and Nordplate Skirt 1

24. Fixed double 33 hand paritions for Steel Guantlets 1

25. Fixed exploding body mesh for TAWOBA Dwarven Cyborg I (Normal Physics). Fixed missing zap slider for arms and legs.

26. Updated ARMA records for male equivalent armors to match each theme. Credit: GuyOtherSome

27. Removed Thalmar Hood II from leveled list due to conflicts with the required head slot making male Thalmor headless.

28. Removed the left over clutter from whiterun that caused clipping with mods like JK's Skyrim.

29. Dwemer crafting book will no longer be marked as stolen

30. Added SOS_Revealing keyword to all armors using slot 32 in order to fix naked males bug.

      a. Important note, this fix will require a new save game. Otherwise you will have to manually reset inventory for every NPC you encounter.

31.Removed stray empty cell and worldspace records Credit: GuyOtherSome

32. Removed unused/empty ARMA records Credit: GuyOtherSome

33. Removes two floating logs found in entrance of Riverwood

34. Fixed Dragonbone Gorget I A, B, C not showing up in-game

35. Fixed Dwarven Collar 1 and 2 not showing up in-game

36. Iron Gorget I close, I op, II, III a, III b, III c, IV not showing up in-game

37. Fixed Nord Plate Pauldron IV L, IV R, V L, V R not showing up in-game

38. Fixed Nordic Carved Abs Guard 1, 2 ,3 not showing up in-game

39. Fixed Nordic Carved Tassets I not showing up in-game

40. Removed edits made to Alvor's item inventory

41. Removed Bikiniseman NPC

42. Removed unused tawoba static records

43. Removed random floating doors in Markarth

